[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna duck and weave around some
gratuitous nudity and gore as we zip
through the 2017 film about rape revenge
revenge let's get to it
we open on a desert scene as a
helicopter flies overhead occupied by a
couple of posh wankers they're traveling
to their weekend retreat a high-end air
B&B in the middle of nowhere with no
neighbors for miles you know it's only
gonna take a few minutes to get down to
the gobby's this is followed by a scene
setting interlude in which rich gets a
call from the old wifey just checking in
we find out he feels bad about his
choices in life it's just things are so
hard you know the kids and whatnot
nice job a-hole the next morning Jen
goes to casually grab a snack and is
startled to discover they're not alone
their intimate weekend has been crashed
by Rich's business partners they have a
tradition of meeting up for a yearly
trophy hunt and showed up a couple of
days early later they hang out by the
pool in basically jizz their pants when
Jenner Ives then they enjoy the
debauchery of wine cigars and
pro-wrestling Dimitri takes the concept
of the male gaze to extreme Heights as
he unsubtle aghast at Jen through
binoculars from short-range rich reveals
to the group their helicopter pilot
provided some peyote for the weekend
which he thinks is too dangerous so he
gives it to Jen to hide away somewhere
then she comes back to put on a cheeky
little dance show for Stan who stands
there for a bit before providing a few
lame hip thrusts having seen enough rich
drags her off caveman style the next
morning we discovered that having shared
the intimate ritual of salsa semi
dancing Stan considers Jen his property
riches away for the morning and Dimitri
is hungover so Stan reveals his charms
by standing around and staring
apparently waiting for her to just jump
on his dick he breaks out a classic
one-eyed peepee to play off he then sits
down to talk to her sands chin he asks
her what is it you don't like about me
your entire demeanor unable to take the
constructive criticism he asked for he
escalates the situation Dimitri walks in
momentarily and given the choice he
shows his true dirtbag character walking
away as Stan rapes her Ridge shows up
and momentarily acts like an ally only
to eventually reveal that his solution
is less about justice and integrity and
more about getting her a job in Canada
when she mentions his family it firmly
turns him against her she gets upset and
runs off and they give chase each
according to their varying degrees of
fitness rich fakes a call to the chopper
to make her comfortable and then pushes
her off the cliff he
insists they go on their hunts and then
come to handle her body later afterward
their to go home and act as normal as is
possible for a trio of business bro
psychos Jen manages to eventually wake
up and weaken the tree allowing her to
get off it and drag herself to a hiding
spot they show up after finishing their
Mad Max cosplay to find the tree empty
meaning they're now hunting the most
dangerous game they followed the trail
of blood to a body of water splitting up
to improve their odds of finding her we
see that she ended up in Dimitri's
direction and comes upon an opportunity
to enticing to pass up unfortunately
that crafty bastard likes to feign
vulnerability to attract his prey she
responds to this news by double-tapping
him with a knife in the face she then
drives off until the gas runs out and
finds shelter in a cave she's
momentarily distressed of the fact that
she's now part tree but then remembers
the peyote and as we all know if there's
anything that goes well with
hallucinogens its guns and field surgery
so she then proceeds to trip balls and
cauterize her wound Riggs wakes up stand
in a charming way they apparently assume
Dimitri's absence is all good Stan
washes up in the river only to find the
water unsanitary they dispose of the
body lazily and then come up with a new
plan that involves continuing to search
meanwhile Jen wakes up finding the
peyote trip to be the best decision of
her life she's all healed up full tank
of blood a new tattoo but she doesn't
get far role broche turns out all the
positives just mentioned are still true
but she finds herself inside a nesting
doll of dreams before waking up for
realsies after which she gets to high
ground and surveys the land the boys
have found the four-wheeler so they know
she's close they split off again with
plan to trace a large circumference
meeting back at their current position
if they don't find her Jen catches a
glimmer from Stan checking his face in a
mirror then spies his Range Rover coming
into view she pursues him as he slowly
makes his way up the mountain when he
has to stop for gas she takes the
opportunity to try her new artillery she
set some in her sights patiently waits
for the right moment and then takes her
shot winging him severely and if I could
coin a phrase the hunter then becomes
the hunted uh-huh as she descends upon
his location to finish him off
unfortunately he has vacated the area
fortunately he's leaving a rather
obvious trail of blood he's running off
like a wild beast manages to see his
trail and attempts to stem the flow this
allows him to give her the slip as she
ends up past him giving him time to
trace a bead on her however his injury
makes accuracy problematic and he only
manages to gauge her ear which goes well
with a new tap she runs off and smashes
her flashlight glass along the way
knowing he's partially bootless
works way better than expectations as he
trips and screams like a little [ __ ]
we then experience the joy of lingering
on his gaping wound for a period of time
as Stan determined to remove the glass
basically makes finger love to his foot
although he does eventually remove it
now insane with rage he gets the rover
and rockets down the dirt path but
Jenna's able to coolly put a slug
through his headrest meanwhile rich has
been unable to raise stay on the radio
so he eventually packs it in and heads
home he decides he's a quitter and calls
in the chopper making sure to mention
the others have already left for the
airport then he goes to get cleaned up
and reflect on his poor behavior he
thinks he hears something so he gets his
gun and clears the house balls to the
wind picking he's good to relax he takes
a seat in the main room only to look out
and see Jen he attempts to talk but she
has no shell and ops to turn a portion
of his torso into hamburger meat instead
they basically run in circles around the
main portion of the house before he
calls time out to try and stop his
bleeding even though he's basically lost
all of his blood already they continue
running until Jen slips and falls
this gives rich a momentary advantage
but he squanders it on lectures which to
her only sounds like a grown up in a
peanuts animated special and then she
Energex with that full hardcore
penetration followed up by a kill shot
she then wanders out into the sunlight
as sounds of the helicopter roll through
the valley and that was revenge it's
basically an exploitation film but with
substance to the high level of artistry
I highly recommend it if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching